hi I don't know how many people have
seen the og blaxploitation film from
back in the 70s it was all about style
the music was legendary how even DC used
it for their variant covers and I wasn't
sure about this ring to the table what
is it about until I saw this interview
legend so considering I'm automatically
a Stan of Trevor Jack's and will support
anything he does financially I decided
to go check out this movie and I thought
it was a decent stream it for me
let me explain so this movie is actually
directed by a music video director who
you no doubt have seen like a bunch of
the stuff that he's made he's actually
the one who pitched this movie as the
hood Shakespeare I think it's more like
a Robin in the hood if anything when
you're looking at what they're doing and
I know that some people actually some
people want to do a boycott on this
movie but I can guarantee you that those
people who are saying that it does bad
also owned a copy of The Godfather or
American gangster you know we'd be lying
if we didn't say that we don't have to
condone these things but organized crime
can be entertaining right like I'm not
over here pushing cocaina but these mob
empires are a little fascinating you got
the Italians with their mafia Japanese
people have the Yakuza my deals are not
equals for the cartel and in this
particular one you have Superfly
covering the culture in the south for
some I mean they got big boy from
Outkast playing the mayor future pulled
a Kenny and he did the entire soundtrack
which is cool Rick Ross appears for a
bit before he runs out of breath and you
follow this dude with a Johnny Bravo
haircut who's making moves down there
without being on the radar at all
he owns a mattress store which if you've
ever wondered why there's four mattress
stores in one corner now you know but
the problem is is that while he's trying
to do everything secretly right he's
just trying to make his money and that
caused any problems no violence no
nothing the problem is is as he says in
one of my favorite quotes from the movie
it doesn't matter if you're smart in a
world full of stupid people there's this
gang calling themselves the snow Patrol
they're being led by job over here dudes
walk around looking like stormtroopers
with their gun
and I swear half of their outfits are
made out of like two-ply Charmin ultra
soft but it's the fact that they got
this dude right here who's always pissy
right he looks like 21 angry who's
always trying to get at your boy priest
thing is Superfly over here is actually
a freaking superhero
dude it's like the Iron Fist of Atlanta
right he's being trained by his mr.
Miyagi who's Omar from the wire and not
only did he teach him everything that he
knows but he's also kind of like his his
kingpin he's one who gives him all of
the stuff so when Jose Zuniga here
finally decides you know what I want out
of this life of crime but they told no
now here's what I'll remind y'all that
there is no part of Atlanta there's no
part of America really that is scarier
than when you're two feet into hottest
right like gang members over here though
don't give you a drive-by and have
somebody else clean it up cartels will
straight up decorate your body like a
freaking pinata priest goes to Mexico so
that he can talk to the source it's the
same drug dealer from Ozark and he's the
guy who's distributing the cocaina and
since priest is trying to do one last
big push in places like a Costco ball
court around it obviously organized
crimes always become unorganized
there's a whole bit where these guys end
up with corrupt cops who catch them and
they demand 50% then he magically finds
a way to reframe the cops and put him in
jail if there's this whole setup where
he gets the snow patrol to get massacred
and they melt and legit the way that
he's able to get out of the cartels
grasp is by snitching on this dude's mom
and telling her that he put his own
brother in jail she don't even ground
him this lady straight-up incinerates
her boy like damn that chancla would
have sufficed probably the dumbest parts
in this movie are like parts where the
car chase scene where it all of a sudden
switches to 42 frames per second which
really what that means is that it goes
from looking like a movie to your new 4k
TV that you turn on and everything just
looks a little bit off the writer also
clearly wanted us to hate this white cop
which look at his face I mean people
watch the news they wouldn't have been
that hard but the writer tries really
hard to the point that he has a scene
where the cop shoots one of priests guys
even though he's about to make a deal
with priests like I get that you're
trying to justify the final scene in the
movie where priest whips the cop like a
Klan member but you're trying really
hard when every time his partner pops up
you got to go and take a load of this
racist I got to work with
oh my gosh he's such a racist and you're
trying really hard when you even name
this fool officer Turk I don't think
this movie is better than any of these
right here but if you like these movies
this will it'll satisfy that fix right
and yes of course is to look super fly
if anything besides surprisingly
learning from the movie that crime is
bad it's also knowing that you can never
be too careful because it doesn't matter
if you're smart in a world full of
idiots think I have checking out this
video curious to know your thoughts down
below if you caught this movie they
released it like on a Tuesday they
didn't even wait for the Friday release
but it's out there there's a whole
soundtrack like I said future did the
entire soundtrack which i think is
pretty cool
he is the guy in an interview who said
that he makes music for businessmen so
I'm in their break they can feel like
their gangster
there are probably points in this movie
like I said the writing sometime gets a
little TV Riteish got a Mexican just
mentioning fake news which I thought was
a little cringy that would have been one
thing but like I said the cop thing then
there's even a point where they like
destroy a Confederate statue it's the
way that they kill a guy but but it's
dumb like knocking down Confederate
statues and even look crazy in here I'm
curious to see the response to Lacroix
being in this movie where a dude's have
in a threeway with some women
considering that Lecrae has gone from a
Christian rapper to a Christian trapper
to some people I'm curious to see what
happens with that in Pierce to know your
thoughts definite let me know your
thoughts down below in the comments
section one movies you want me to cover
and don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you a brick